Life, I will do it myself. You are truly a husband.
Old man, I can recognize you. Is it possible now?
All right. Here in person. Then hurry up and find Fei.
I'll arrange the surgery. Okay, I'll pay for it.
rest assured. You have me now. I was waiting for you to come out yesterday.
Husband, I’m so kind to you. yes.
Now a mode allows you to do more.
But you can go to me in person.
personally. You said you should prepare for it.
Combined at the end of the month.
What to say. I ran away because of you thirty years ago.
Your disciple is the emperor of stick things.
This time it’s the Wang family
Willing to contribute 300,000 yuan
You have to marry me back no matter what you say.
When you get the money
Let me talk to you
You take me to cum
For your wedding
What does it have to do with me once I get married?
Why use my financial resources?
But your Wang family
You are fatter than Lin Le who has been shut down three times.
What do you know
Every one of his houses is dismantling goods.
If you marry me, I think you just want to surrender. If he wants to marry you, you won’t marry him.
If you want to marry, marry yourself
Die again. What will you say?
I tell you
If you drive away this time
I hit your leg
But what? What kind of claws should I wrap?
What are you talking about?
If I want to cook, I can do it directly
Go, go by yourself
How can I have time to accompany you to the hospital?
Wait a minute, your brother
I want to come back for dinner with a gift
I can still eat
No, it's not suitable for me.